I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off!
Money talks. Mine always says goodbye.
I went to see the doctor about my short-term memory problems — the first thing he did was make me pay in advance.
You have two parts of the brain, “left” and “right”. On the left side, there’s nothing right and on the right side, there’s nothing left.
Why do bees hum? They don’t remember the lyrics!
I have a dog to provide me with unconditional love, but I also have a cat to remind me that I don’t deserve it. It’s all about balance.
Don’t spell part backward. It’s a trap.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
Most people are shocked when they find out how bad I am as an electrician.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Is your bottom jealous of the amount of crap that comes out of your mouth?
There’s a new restaurant called Karma. There’s no menu. You get what you deserve.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side got amputated? He’s all right now.
Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears, people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of chapstick. She still isn’t talking to me.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families, and careers.
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both lefts which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it’s just not right.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline. She hit the roof.
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He didn’t get hurt because it was a soft drink.
The future, the present, and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he’s adopted?
I just found out that I’m colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I’ve been tripping all day.
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Smoking will kill you… bacon will kill you… and yet, smoking bacon will cure it.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey… but thankfully, I turned myself around.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
The man who created autocorrect has died. Restaurant in peace.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I’m not too sure.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she’s hot, but honestly… I’m not a fan.
I really hate Russian dolls, they’re so full of themselves.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, “This changes everything.”
I refused to believe the road worker was stealing from his job, but when I went to his home, all the signs were there.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner — all it was doing was gathering dust.
PMS jokes are not funny — period!
Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs — they’re always taking things literally.
I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers.
Women should not have children after 35, but 35 kids are enough!
There are three kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can’t.
Whenever I lose my TV controller, I always find it in a remote location.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned. I just couldn’t concentrate.
My math teacher called me average. She’s so mean!
“The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing somebody’s cast.” — Demetri Martin
I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I’m skeptical of anyone who tells me they do yoga every day. That’s a bit of a stretch.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright before they open their mouth.
“It’s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.” — Jack Handey
I don’t have a boyfriend, but I do know a guy who would be really mad to hear that.
“The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.” — Demetri Martin
When dogs go to sleep, they read bite-time stories before bed.
“I don’t want to be part of a club that would have me as a member.” — Groucho Marx
“Does my wife think I’m a control freak? I haven’t decided yet.” — Stewart Francis
Dogs hate driving because they can never find a barking space.
“I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.” — Zach Galifianakis
“Honesty may be the best policy, but it’s important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.” — George Carlin
“I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.” — Rodney Dangerfield
Keep the dream alive — hit your snooze button.
It sure takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
The person who invented knock-knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
The other day I asked the banker to check my balance, so she pushed me.
For a while, Houdini would use a trap door in every single one of his shows. I guess you could say he was going through a stage.
I hope there’s no pop quiz on the class trip to the Coca-Cola factory.
If money doesn’t grow on trees, how come banks have branches?
I didn’t like my beard at first, but it grew on me.
Give me the calculator. Friends don’t let friends derive drunk.
A baseball walks into a bar, and the bartender throws it out.
I doubt, therefore, I might be.
I used to have a handle on life, but then it broke.
I had an “hourglass” figure, but then the sand shifted.
When everything is coming your way — you’re in the wrong lane.
Animal testing is a terrible idea because they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
“I was playing chess with my friend and he said, ‘Let’s make this interesting’. So we stopped playing chess.” — Matt Kirshen
“Crime in multi-story car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.” — Tim Vine
“I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.” — Will Marsh
“People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves.” — Abi Roberts
“A thesaurus is great. There’s no other word for it.” — Ross Smith
“Two fish in a tank. One says, ‘How do you drive this thing?'” — Peter Kay
“I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!” — Stewart Francis
“People who like trance music are very persistent. They don’t techno for an answer.” — Joel Dommett
“Do Transformers get car or life insurance?” — Russell Howard
“My father drank so heavily, when he blew on the birthday cake he lit the candles.” — Les Dawson
I once saw two people wrapped in a barcode and had to ask, “Are you an item?”
I went to buy camouflage trousers, but I couldn’t find any.
“Alright lads, a giant fly is attacking the police station. I’ve called the SWAT team!” — Greg Davies
“I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.” — Tom Ward
“I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.” — Steve Martin
My husband and I were happy for 20 years. And then we met.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
When my boss asked me who was stupid, me or him, I told him he doesn’t hire stupid people.
Every married person should forget their mistakes. There’s no point in two people remembering the same thing.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one.
People tell me I’m condescending. (Leans in real close) That means I talk down to people.
“By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step, he is too old to go anywhere.” — Billy Crystal
“Proof that we don’t understand death is that we give dead people a pillow.” — Jerry Seinfeld
“Don’t talk to me about Valentine’s Day. At my age, an affair of the heart is a bypass.” — Joan Rivers
“Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.” — Ed Byrne
“I failed math so many times in school I lost count.” — Stewart Francis
“Oh, when I was a kid in show business, I was poor. I used to go to orgies to eat the grapes.” — Rodney Dangerfield
“In the school I went to, they asked a kid to prove the law of gravity and he threw the teacher out of the window.” — Rodney Dangerfield
“I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.” — Rodney Dangerfield
“One time my whole family played hide and seek. They found my mother in Pittsburgh!” — Rodney Dangerfield
“I met the surgeon general. He offered me a cigarette.” — Rodney Dangerfield
I ate a clock yesterday, and it was very time-consuming.
A perfectionist walked into a bar — apparently, the bar wasn’t set high enough.
A termite walks into the bar and asks, “Is the bar tender here?”
Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; they’ll never expect it back.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with revenge. We’ll see about that.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
What happens to a frog’s car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
“Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.” — Demetri Martin
“When I was a boy, I laid in my twin-sized bed and wondered where my brother was.” — Mitch Hedberg
“My drug test came back negative. My dealer sure has some explaining to do.” — Unknown
What vitamin helps you to see? Vitamin C.
Why did the burglar rob a bakery? He needed the dough.
Why wouldn’t the sesame seed leave the casino? He was on a roll.
I put my grandma on speed dial. I call that Instagram.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger... Then it hit me.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I went to a seafood disco last week. I pulled a mussel.
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, but it’s also terrible.
Life is like a diploma. As in my parents keep telling me to get one.
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
What goes, “Oh, oh, oh”? Santa walking backward.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down. 
I went to buy some camo pants but couldn’t find any.
I failed math so many times at school, I can’t even count.
I used to have a handle on life, but then it broke.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger, but then it hit me.
I heard there were a bunch of break-ins over at the car park. That is wrong on so many levels.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather… Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
I told him to be himself; that was pretty mean, I guess. 
I know they say that money talks, but all mine says is ‘Goodbye.’
My father has schizophrenia, but he’s good people.
The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
Most people are shocked when they find out how bad I am as an electrician.
Never trust atoms; they make up everything.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline. She hit the ceiling! 
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.
I used to think I was indecisive. But now I’m not so sure.
Russian dolls are so full of themselves.
The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing someone’s cast.
Light travels faster than sound, which is the reason that some people appear bright before you hear them speak. 
My therapist says I have a preoccupation for revenge. We’ll see about that.
A termite walks into the bar and asks, ‘Is the bar tender here?’
A told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves. 
Two fish are in a tank. One says, ‘How do you drive this thing?’
I always take life with a grain of salt. And a slice of lemon. And a shot of tequila.
Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. They’ll never expect it back.
Build a man a fire and he’ll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life.
I don’t suffer from insanity—I enjoy every minute of it.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you; but it’s still on the list.
The problem isn’t that obesity runs in your family. It’s that no one runs in your family.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation toward the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
‘Doctor, there’s a patient on line one that says he’s invisible.’
‘Well, tell him I can’t see him right now.’
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
The future, the present, and the past walk into a bar. Things got a little tense.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticize them, you’re a mile away and you have their shoes.
Last night my girlfriend was complaining that I never listen to her… or something like that.
Maybe if we start telling people their brain is an app, they’ll want to use it.
If a parsley farmer gets sued, can they garnish his wages?
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both ‘lefts,’ which on the one hand is great, but on the other, it’s just not right.
I didn’t think orthopedic shoes would help, but I stand corrected.
I was riding a donkey the other day when someone threw a rock at me and I fell off. I guess I was stoned off my ass.
People who take care of chickens are literally chicken tenders.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
I just got kicked out of a secret cooking society. I spilled the beans.
What’s a frog’s favorite type of shoes? Open toad sandals.
Blunt pencils are really pointless.
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
Two wifi engineers got married. The reception was fantastic.
Just got fired from my job as a set designer. I left without making a scene.
What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don’t know and I don’t care.
One of the cows didn’t produce milk today. It was an udder failure.
Adam & Eve were the first ones to ignore the Apple terms and conditions.
Refusing to go to the gym is a form of resistance training.
If attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks, ‘Is this stool taken?’
I can tell when people are being judgmental just by looking at them.
The rotation of Earth really makes my day.
Well, to be Frank with you, I’d have to change my name.
My friend was explaining electricity to me, but I was like, ‘Watt?’
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
Are people born with photographic memories, or does it take time to develop?
The world champion tongue twister got arrested. I hear they’re going to give him a tough sentence.
Pollen is what happens when flowers can’t keep it in their plants.
A book fell on my head the other day. I only have my shelf to blame though.
Communist jokes aren’t funny unless everyone gets them.
Geology rocks, but geography’s where it’s at.
I buy all my guns from a guy called T-Rex. He’s a small arms dealer.
My friend’s bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Four fonts walk into a bar. The bartender says, ‘Hey! We don’t want your type in here!’
If you don’t pay your exorcist, do you get repossessed?
When the cannibal showed up late to the buffet, they gave him the cold shoulder.
A Mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of three. He says, ‘Uno, dos…” and poof! He disappeared without a tres.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
A ghost walked into a bar and ordered a shot of vodka. The bartender said, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve spirits here.’
The man who invented knock-knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s also terrible.
A blind man walked into a bar… and a table… and a chair…
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing and mean your mother.
I went to a seafood disco last week, but ended up pulling a mussel.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, ‘This changes everything.’
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I saw a sign the other day that said, ‘Watch for children,’ and I thought, ‘That sounds like a fair trade.’
Whiteboards are remarkable.
I threw a boomerang a couple years ago; I know live in constant fear.
I put my grandma on speed dial the other day. I call it insta-gram.
I asked the IT guy, How do you make a Motherboard? He said, I tell her about my job.
Why was Cinderella dropped from the soccer team? She kept running away from the ball.
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off. Too much sax and violins.
How does a computer get drunk? It takes screen shots.
Dogs can't see your bones. But CAT scan.
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
My friend Jack says he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk.
Why are art collectors such big fans of gasoline? Because it makes their Van Gogh.
Peter Pan is a terrible boxer. Whenever he throws a punch, it Neverlands.
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO.
My dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. He kept insisting we be positive, but it's just so hard without him.
If you commit a first degree murder in Canada, is it a 34 degree murder in the US?
What do you call a noodle that doesn't drink? Soba.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. She said I won't be able to make it.
You do realize that vampires aren't real. Unless you Count Dracula.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
If prisoners could take their own mugshots… they'd be called cellfies.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, You have to help me, I think I'm shrinking. Now settle down, the doctor calmly told him. You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
I wasn't that hungry, so I just ate a kid's meal at McDonalds. His mother was furious.
What do you call a dead magician? An abra-cadaver.
What do you call a paper airplane that can't fly? Stationary.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
What does a CIA agent do when it's time for bed? He goes under cover.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she's standing.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, It's a moving violation.
Today I learned that if a canoe turns upside down in the water, you can safely wear it on your head. Because it's cap-sized.
My girlfriend says if we don't get married soon, she's gonna kill me. It's a matter of wife or death.
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Did you hear about the perfume that smells of nothing? I think it's total non-scents.
Bigfoot is sometimes confused with Sasquatch, Yeti never complains.
The inventor of the throat lozenge died last month. There was no coffin at his funeral.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory: all I did was take a day off!
Money talks: mine always says is goodbye.
I went to see the doctor about my short-term memory problems — the first thing he did was make me pay in advance.
You have two parts of the brain, “left” and “right” — in the left side, there’s nothing right and in the right side, there’s nothing left.
Why do bees hum? They don’t remember the lyrics!
I have a dog to provide me with unconditional love, but I also have a cat to remind me that I don’t deserve it: it’s all about balance.
Don’t spell part backwards. It’s a trap.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
Most people are shocked when they find out how bad I am as an electrician.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Don’t trust atoms, they make up everything.
Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a Chapstick. She still isn’t talking to me.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both ‘lefts’ which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it’s just not right.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He didn’t get hurt
because it was a soft drink.
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he’s adopted?
I just found out I’m colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I’ve been tripping all day.
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Smoking will kill you… Bacon will kill you… And yet, smoking bacon will cure it.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey… but thankfully, I turned myself around.
The Man Who Created Autocorrect Has Died. Restaurant In Peace.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I’m not too sure.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she’s hot, but honestly… I’m not a fan.
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, “This changes everything”.
I refused to believe my father, the road worker, was stealing from his job, but when I got home all the signs were there.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner — all it was doing was gathering dust.
Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs — they’re always taking things literally.
I like to hold hands at the movies… which always seems to startle strangers.
There are three kinds of people: those who can count and those who can’t.
Whenever I lose my TV controller, I always find it at a remote location.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: I just couldn’t concentrate.
My math teacher called me average — it’s so mean!
I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I’m skeptical of anyone who tells me they do yoga every day — that’s a bit of a stretch.
“The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.” – Demetri Martin
“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out
of 10 doctors is an idiot.” – Jay Leno
“I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.” – Zach Galifianakis
“Honesty may be the best policy, but it’s important to remember that apparently, by
elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.” – George Carlin
“I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.” – Rodney Dangerfield
Keep the dream alive — hit your snooze button.
“My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We’ll see about that.” – Stewart Francis
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
The person who invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
The other day I asked the banker to check my balance, so she pushed me.
For a while, Houdini would use a trap door in every single one of his show – I guess you could say it was a stage he was going through.
I hope there’s no pop quiz at the class trip to the Coca Cola factory.
I didn’t like my beard at first, but it grew on me.
A baseball walks into a bar — the bartender throws it out.
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I used to have a handle on life, but then it broke.
I had an “hour-glass” figure, but then the sand shifted.
When everything is coming your way — you’re in the wrong lane.
“Crime in multi-story car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.” — Tim Vine
“I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.” —Will Marsh
“People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves.” — Abi Roberts
“A thesaurus is great. There’s no other word for it” —Ross Smith
“I failed math so many times at school I can’t even count.” — Stewart Francis
“I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!” — Stewart Francis
I once saw two people wrapped in a barcode and had to ask — “are you an item?”
I went to buy camouflage trousers, but I couldn’t find any.
My husband and I were happy for 20 years. And then we met.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
When my boss asked me who was stupid, me or him, I told him he doesn’t hire stupid people.
Any married person should forget their mistakes. No use for two people remembering the same thing.