How about those Mets?
What's for dinner?
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
What time is it?
Where do you work?
What school did you go to?
How much is that?
How many do you have?
Do I need It or Just Want It?
Can I Borrow It?
Can I Barter for It?
Can I Get It Used? 
Can I Get By Without It?
Can I Pay Cash For It? 
Is It Budgeted For?
Do I Need It Right Now?
Do I Already Own Something Similar? 
Why Do I Want to Buy This?
Am I Getting The Best Deal?
Is It on My 30-Day Buy List? 
How Much Did I Have to Work For This?
How Many Hours of My Life Does this Equal?
How Often Will I Use It?
Is This Purchase Worth Delaying My Freedom?
What is your favorite sleeping position of all time?
What is the dumbest way you’ve been hurt?
What are the three scents you like?
What sport will be invented next?
What’s your favorite board game?
Which word would you use if you could only use one for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have intelligence over looks?
What’s your most embarrassing moment in grade school?
Would you rather stay in or go out on a Friday night?
Have you ever thrown someone an extravagant party?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
Out of the four seasons, what’s your favorite one?
What is the most absurd thing you’ve been tricked into doing or believing?
What is something that’s true that nobody agrees with you on?
Which instrument has the funniest sound?
Where would you relocate if you were forced to leave the country?
Do you care about what other people tell you?
If you could meet anyone in this world today, who would you meet?
What’s the best type of cheese for you?
What is the greatest risk you have ever taken?
Have you ever thought of what your future baby will be named?
What are those things you’re too old to do but you still enjoy?
What are your pet peeves?
Who’s the messiest person you’ve ever known?
Which of the two smells better, fresh-cut grass or bread baking in the oven?
Who is your all-time favorite Disney character?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
Can you carry an elephant?
What’s the worst color that was ever invented?
What is the weirdest text you have ever received recently?
What would you be if you had to wear one Halloween costume every day for the rest of your life?
What is one ability that you believe everybody should possess?
How many times has your heart been broken?
What is the first thing you do after getting home from a trip?
What are the things you’d spend with a billion dollars?
What are the songs that make you sing along whenever you hear it?
How did your parents meet?
What has been your greatest kitchen mistake?
What’s the craziest bet you have ever made?
Do you believe that love is blind?
Who would you want to trade lives with?
If you were given the chance to steal something, what would it be?
What type of cuisine would you serve your customers if you own a five-star restaurant?
What’s the fanciest event you’ve ever attended?
Who is your greatest enemy?
What food should taste better than its appearance?
What’s the first thing you pack during an out of the country flight?
Do you actively post on social media?
If you could only teach three things to your future child, what would it be?
What is the worst TV advertisement you’ve seen recently?
What’s the most addictive game for you?
What do you usually do during weekends?
If you were given the chance to make your one wish come true, what would it be?
What period would you travel to if you were given a time machine?
What’s the food you usually refuse to share?
What are the hobbies you want to develop?
Do you believe in horoscopes?
What was your favorite childhood book?
Would you take it if you had the opportunity to be immortal?
What is something your brain wants to convince you to do but you have to fight it?
Which would be the smartest animal if they could all talk?
What movie makes you laugh even after watching it several times?
What’s your favorite toy when you were a child?
What is the best name you could think of for a cat?
Have you ever counted your steps while walking?
Do you believe in heaven?
If you have a million, what are the things you wouldn’t spend?
If you could have lunch with one person from history, who would it be?
What’s the certain product you couldn’t live without?
What would you name your yacht if you had one?
Where is your all-time dream vacation?
How do you want to die?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in your entire life?
If you could sit next to a famous celebrity in a restaurant, who would it be?
If you had 24 hours to do whatever you wanted in this country, what would you like to do?
If you could be a Hollywood celebrity, who would you like to become?
What is your main reason for getting out of bed every day?
How could you politely end a conversation with a person who is so annoying?
What makes your day better?
What is the strangest thing your teacher has ever done?
What is the best color in the rainbow?
Who is the best movie villain?
Would you rather have 20 hobbies or a single passion?
What’s your favorite exotic animal?
How would you describe me based on my outside appearance?
What is your favorite viral video?
Who is your favorite YouTube vlogger?
If you could only drink coffee or tea for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What’s your favorite action movie?
What gets you motivated?
What’s the most beautiful country you’ve ever visited?
Would you rather cook or eat at a restaurant?
What is the most useless talent you possess?
What is the craziest thing you’ve done in school?
How often do you replace your bedsheets?
Do you like listening to podcasts?
Do you like to save more or spend more?
What is the weirdest superstition you’ve ever heard?
If dark chocolate is the only available food on this planet, would you eat it?
What are the two things you’d like to ask your pet?
What’s the easiest dish to cook?
If you could be any type of object, what would you like to be?
How do you deal with a stressful environment?
Which part of the roller coaster do you usually ride: the front, middle or back?
What quotes do people admire but you think is a total lie?
Do you believe in second chances?
What has been the most flattering compliment you’ve ever received?
Have you tried flirting with a stranger online?
What would you like to change in this country if you were chosen as the president?
Do you have a close relationship with your parents?
What has been your hardest goodbye in life so far?
If you could change your name for a day, what would it be?
Would you rather have a massage or get a facial?
Can you describe to me your relationship with your dad?
Which do you listen to the most: your heart or your brain?
What would you do if you were offered a one-minute ad slot during the Super Bowl that you couldn’t sell?
When was the last time you’ve felt your biggest adrenaline rush?
Who is the tallest member of your family?
What traits did you get from your parents?
Who do you look up to the most?
Can you show me your oldest item inside your closet?
If you could only have one superpower, what would it be?
What’s the best thing to do when you’re alone?
Will you ever imagine having a child named after you?
Do you want to have a cat as a companion or do you want to be a cat instead?
What’s one body part that you wouldn’t even mind losing?
For you, what does a perfect vacation look like?
Which one do you prefer: being controlled or be in control?
What are your phobias?
Do you feel happy to be my friend?
What makes you jealous?
Is there someone you really hate?
Who gave you the best compliment?
Which film do you want to see turned into a musical?
Do you still believe in Santa Claus?
How would you describe your greatest enemy?
When was the last time you screwed anything up and no one ever noticed?
Have you already experienced writing a journal?
What do you usually daydream about?
If you were given the chance to listen to a singer or a band for the rest of your life, who/what would it be?
What are the things you wish you could easily forget?
What’s the most beautiful part of your face?
Has anyone given you a strange gift?
What’s the weirdest thing on your bucket list?
Have you ever pulled out a tooth just to get money from the tooth fairy?
What are the childish acts you still enjoy doing up until now?
What does your brain try to make you do and you have to resist yourself not to do it?
What three things did your past relationship teach you?
What do you think is the best hangover cure?
What are the foreign languages you’d like to master?
In your own opinion, how smart are you?
When was the last time you’ve ever felt jealous?
What’s the biggest pimple you’ve ever had?
Do you still remember the place where we first met?
Would you move to another country for love?
When was the time you felt really proud of me?
What has been your worst nightmare?
What usually keeps you up at night when you couldn’t sleep?
Were you born for challenges?
Are you confident to face the future?
Who gave you the weirdest gift?
What makes you cry?
When was the last time you cried?
How many concerts have you gone to?
What would our friendship be called if it was a comedy movie?
What would you name your car?
Do you think life after death is really possible?
What is so special about you?
What will you tell your past self?
What movie did you last watch inside the cinema?
Which one do you prefer: summer or winter?
Do you believe in aliens?
What was the best year of your life?
Do you actually believe in soulmates?
What is your biggest accomplishment in life?
What TV series could you watch several times?
Where do you like to go right now?
Where’s the worst-smelling place you have ever been?
Will you be willing to move to another country without your friends and family?
What qualities do you want in a partner who will be with you for the rest of your life?
If you were given the chance to travel back to the past, where would you go?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
Which store would you like if you could just shop at one for the rest of your life?
What household chore do you hate doing the most?
Who is your role model in life?
Do you really care about the Academy Awards, or do you think they’re just dumb?
Who would you share the last slice of cake with if there was just one piece left at your birthday party?
Which celebrity would you rate as a perfect 10?
What music do you usually play on a road trip?
What are the things that drive you crazy?
What syrup do you like with your pancake: honey or chocolate?
Do you plan to have kids?
What is your most favorite holiday?
What are the things I do that you wish I would stop doing?
What’s the first book you’ve read?
What are the facts about you that you think I would find difficult to believe?
Which body part is your favorite?
What has been the worst phase in your life?
What do you prioritize more: relationship or career?
What flower is your favorite?
What are your hidden talents?
What’s your most favorite family tradition?
Have you ever been caught while sneaking outside the house?
What’s the meaning of your name?
Do you ever dream of living somewhere else?
What is/was your favorite subject in school?
What are your hopes for the future?
What usually scares you the most?
What’s the weirdest animal for you?
What will be your reaction if you see a ghost?
If you were a bird, what kind of bird would you be?
Does my face look funny to you?
Who was your first crush?
What are you actually good at?
Do you hate math?
What’s your favorite lullaby?
How was your reaction when you found out you were going to be parents for the first time?
What is your dream for me?
What would you serve if you were to make a special dinner for the family?
What are the things you love the most about yourself?
Can you guess what I’m thinking right now?
What’s your greatest philosophy in life?
What is the worst decision you’ve ever made?
Where did all of our family traditions originate?
What is your most favorite day of the week?
Where did you tie the knot?
What’s the weirdest Halloween you have ever worn in your entire life?
What do you miss the most about being a kid?
How do you inspire other people?
What is the best song to describe your life right now?
Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years?
Have you ever stolen food from the refrigerator and blamed it on someone?
What do you hate about me?
What’s your favorite car brand?
What would you do if you knew you’d be good in a different profession?
Do you like to exercise regularly?
What’s the worst food you’ve ever eaten?
What is your most cherished possession?
What’s the most valuable thing you’ve learned in life?
What makes you really angry?
If you were a pair of shoes, what brand would you like to be?
What’s your dream job?
What habits of other people you definitely find disgusting?
Do you still keep secrets from mom/dad?
What’s the extreme challenge in your life that you’ve already overcome?
Have you ever thought of having plastic surgery?
What sound do you hate?
What is your current favorite TV show?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs resembles you the most?
Without calling 911 when you are in danger, what would you do instead?
What is your favorite dance move when you were a kid?
If you were given the chance to kiss and hug someone, who would that be?
What is the worst punishment your parents gave you?
How many countries have you visited so far?
Have you experienced falling down the stairs?
What are the challenges you never gave up on?
What is one piece of advice you wished you’ve seriously taken?
What do you like most about going to the beach?
Have you experienced being confined in a hospital?
If you are drowning, who do you think would save your life?
What is the most embarrassing moment you had in your workplace?
Who has taught you the best lesson in life?
How would it feel like to cry underwater?
How many times have you traveled by sea?
Who would you want to portray your life story in a movie?
Have you ever composed a song?
What’s the last thing on your bucket list?
How was your wedding?
Which fictional book character would like to meet in the future?
Has anyone tried to kill you?
Who eats the most in the family?
Who is your childhood best friend?
Do you get thirsty in the middle of the night?
What are the qualities you search for in other people?
Do you think fish ever get thirsty?
Which of the politicians would you like to marry?
How competitive are you?
What family traditions have we forgotten about that you’d like to revive?
If you could be part of another family, whose family would it be?
Who is your favorite athlete?
What is your favorite sports team?
What are the musical instruments you can play?
What would you do if you become lost in a city you aren’t familiar with?
How old were you when you were allowed to have a cellphone?
Can you name 5 things that are hidden inside your bedroom?
Do you feel any pressure right now?
If you could make one word famous, what would it be?
What movie are you going to make if you become a filmmaker?
What is your dream laptop?
How long was your last relationship with your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Which member of your family were you closest to as a child?
If you could be great in only one sport, which sport would you choose?
Do you see yourself as a creative one?
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
If you were ever bullied as a child, what did you do about it?
What would you do if ever we were given a special time together?
What type of genre would you choose if you were an author?
What time were you born?
Who do you not trust among your friends?
Are you an impulsive type of person?
Do you keep a really big secret from someone, anyone?
Who is your favorite superhero?
What are the things you’re going to bring in a zombie apocalypse?
If you could teach a dog one trick, what would it be?
Do you watch the full ad on YouTube or you just skip them?
If someone would let you borrow their car, where would you go?
Who do you think is your celebrity look-a-like?
Why does it still rain in the movies when there is a funeral and then stop right after the burial?
What flower would you prefer if you awoke as a flower one day?